Prepare for v1.1.0 release (#10)
bugsnag/bugsnag-cocos2dx: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.1.0 (2021-12-06)

### Enhancements

* Backport `persistenceDirectory` config option to Android [bugsnag-cocos2dx#6](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-cocos2dx/pull/6)

### Bug fixes

> * (Android) Bump the bugsnag-android dependency version to v4.22.3
> * (Android) Fix UTF-8 encoding errors in Bugsnag::notify [bugsnag-android#1542](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-android/pull/1542)

Reviewer: Let's do it in the usual format. I believe it's just a single patch update?

```suggestion
* (Android) Fix UTF-8 encoding errors in Bugsnag::notify [bugsnag-android#1542](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-android/pull/1542)
* Update bugsnag-android to v4.22.3
  * Allow disabling previous signal handler invocation for Unity ANRs [bugsnag-android#743]
  * Avoid polling when detecting ANRs by invoking JNI from SIGQUIT handler [bugsnag-android#741]
```

Author: Side note - but it'd be good to define what the usual changelog format is sometime. I went with the existing structure in this changelog but agree this makes more sense.

# Changelog

## 1.1.0 (2021-12-06)

> 

Reviewer: Worth listing the UTF-8 bug fix: bugsnag/bugsnag-android#1542

Author: I've added an entry for this and also for the update to bugsnag-android v4.22.3
